all right let's get this going
g'day guys it's on from the productive
garden again and today we're going to be
doing some peach tree cuttings now I've
recently today actually trained my peach
tree you may have seen the video I'll
put a link to it up here anyway what
we're gonna do from some of those bits
that I cut off we're gonna try and do
some cuttings now I haven't taken
cuttings from peach trees before I've
read up a bit about it some people say
you can't do it some people say you can
some people say that you should do it in
summer when they've got all their leaves
on them some people say you should do
them just before they start budding
everyone's got an opinion anyway mine
just before they're starting to bud cuz
I mean that's the time of year and I
want to give it a go kneel and see what
happens for their budding then maybe
I'll give it a try when they've got
leaves on it what I've got I've got some
cuttings here you know one thing I do
know is when you do cuttings with peach
trees is you want a bit of the old wood
and some of the new woods a new growth
from last year okay so the roots are
going to come out of the old growth and
the new growth is the part that will
grow alright now what you want to do is
what this here is honey so I don't use
rooting hormone I don't particularly
like it because it's chemical I like to
do things a little bit more natural and
honey's supposed to be a good thing for
it so what we want to do is cut a nice
angle on the cutting and what that does
that maximizes the openings in the
capillaries of the UM of the chute so we
dip that in the honey can we good stir
around
let the excess come off okay
and we put that in the water get out of
that actually yeah the water shouldn't
go any higher than the old would so the
new green stuff should be outside of the
water now you could probably do it in
soil as well but in the soil can't quite
see when the Reds are coming out I want
to be able to see when the roots are
coming yeah so see how it goes okay this
one's green
oh but we have a longest chute what the
heck let's see how it goes if it shoots
it shoots if it doesn't it doesn't
okay so what I'll do I'll go in with the
rest of these and we'll come back when
I'm finished all right so we've got
these cuttings done there's about 20
cuttings in there I haven't cut them
exactly so what I'll do is I'll place
them on nice sunny windows somewhere and
change this water every two or three
days make sure it doesn't get all mucky
and we'll see how these fit we'll see
how these things go and I'll keep you
updated on how they go okay until next
time happy productive garden bye